(docs) Fix absolute links and correct puppetdb config location (#1316)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/inventory_file_v2.md

    uri: 192.168.100.179
```

## Plugins and dynamic inventory

Inventory plugins can be used to dynamically load information into the inventory file. See

> [Using Plugins](using_plugins.md) for more information on using Bolt's builtin plugins, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Using Plugins](using_plugins.md) for more information on using Bolt's built-in plugins, and
```

Per the official Puppet dictionary (Merriam Webster's 11th Collegiate).

### Plugins and dynamic inventory

> 

Reviewer 2: The rest of this is duped from inventory v1 not the plugin docs right?

Author: https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/latest/inventory_file.html#inventory-config Yes - should I still have a section in this doc that links to that? That seems useful - I'll update
